My town is a medium size city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
It has a high density population because its small territory .
Despite of it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .
There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
Most of the shops have sales and offers at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
Everyone has his own plans .
People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .
They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
It is restrict to argue .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
MORE THAN KIP FIT !
Do you know mountain biking ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
You 're wrong .
Follow reading to know why!.
I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
All of us spend a good time .
And I would like to encourage everybody to prove .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I 've seen .
I do n't recommend it to children lower than thirteen years old ,
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
scary .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
from a story their mom read often .
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
story she read .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
leisure time together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
I a very good experience .
I love to travel with my family .
is different to tavel with friends that travel with family .
I do not travel too much with my friends .
I just have had traveled two times .
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
Her name is irixhi .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
There was too hot .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
Then we went to Taxco .
There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .
We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy like it seems .
That 's why I like it .
This sport are for real men .
And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
For me car is the best and you ?
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use Have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
You should take advantage of that !
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
The governents are also important for taking care of the environment .
They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
I was watching most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
A MISTAKE
It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The service is really great .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
i believe it is suitable for our class
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside below zero .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
But now not .
What 's the reason ?
Because of mind .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
How can I use to use it ?
How can I force my kids to do his homework ?
How can I explain them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Michael got married his close friend since only one month .
But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
Moreover she fired her without her mobile or money .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The light bulb .
The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .
Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .
And I decided to try .
Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
And as for me I 've been going in for sport for several years .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why did I choose it ?
I want to be fit and have a good health .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
It became possible for me to run easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .
People will look at your figure enviously .
Describe your bedroom .
My bedroom is quite big .
The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .
I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .
I had never felt so nervous !
Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
There are company so much , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
My dear Daniel .
Are you studing mathemathics for your exam ?
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
With all my love
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
I 'm a happy , energtic person who likes to work with children .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
Bye
Marisa
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .
I am keen to run during the night time .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very tiny city that was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
But when he arrived to Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .
The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
Milton Morales
I like workout on push up bars .
it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .
If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
In the afternoon I went to my dance classes .
it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .
We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .
The movie is about a teenager named Mia that had a car accident with her family .
Her father and her mother died before they arrive to the hospital .
Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
The next days I did n't do much .
I just sleep and watch movies at home .
The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .
This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .
If you like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
So , lets start ,
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
There are so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .
In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
Curious ?
Just come and give it a try !
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Therefore traffic will be batter .
Dear sir / madam
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
My faithfully
Alessandro Costa .
I think public transport is very important .
there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
a plane may take about 16 hours .
a car may take days or months for the same distance .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
Metro is only one that I use in the city .
Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
There is no difference if you use car or bus .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .
Would do you please join us ?
We will see an action movie .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who had dead .
Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kate ,
I want working in our cafe .
I like a many food and drink .
I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
How are you ?
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoicing service center for not following instructions .
So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !
On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
I promise you that it will be this way .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
About Me
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I was adopted from south Korea .
I like to play football and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .
I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .
I have two parents like the most people .
My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
I do n't know so many parents but whatever .
I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
My family livs in a
Hi Daniel ,
How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
I am tall , around 2 meters , black hair and blue eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at the gate number seven .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .
A flat world is created by the internet connection .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
This is a power of the information technology .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .
Biography technology gives us more food .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
Build public transport in a city , not in a country .
My favorite sport game is Cricket .
It is very important and very enjoyable game .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
Among them cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
It is very great .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
It is very valuable .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .
But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
They have no facilities than other countries .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
You can start the cricket game .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
Today we have lots of sports games .
Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .
We can be a famous and earn more money .
Cricket is good for our health than other games .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
You do not what to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right continou reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
Hi ,
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
I worked at the backstage of rock concert !
It was such a great experience for me .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
What was mny job ?
Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
People were singing and shouting - they all seem to be really happy .
I hope I will do that again once .
See you arrond
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
If you want to relax you can also go to mountains or sea .
Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
But let 's talk about work there .
We appreciate kind and hard working people .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is pretty low .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Take care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I have a great time with them .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
I went to the beach , we loved .
I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
Dear pen friend ,
Hello , how are you ?
I hope you are fine when you read this letter .
I am very well and everything is all right .
Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
This summer was really great .
I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
Love
Giselle
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
Why then there still be so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of seat comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .
In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I play basketball on weekends since I am little .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
I play with them on the playground .
I ca n't image the life without sports .
In the today society .
The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
some people who they ca n't live without it .
I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .
It 's normal
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our mind .
It also helps us in studies .
I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
I like many other games but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess as physical activities are also important .
The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
The local transportation become difficult and expensive .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
they must find a solution to this difficult problem .
They must maintain roads .
People also have an important role to solve this problem .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
They also can walk or ride a cycle .
Government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
We can solve this problem if we want that .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
The most important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps our body strong .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
I enjoy running .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
I literally feel myself stronger after every time I run .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
The government should raise taxes for pay for the service .
Cars are generally more expensive .
First , I think the public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
My favourite sport is doing yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
We can do it at any time as we like .
But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
You can learn correct Postures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
The result is much less work and a better life .
The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines many people have lost their jobs
Dear Jo
I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
See you when you arrive at Mexico City
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadays people get around constantly .
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
In recent years the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
But actually does it has a future ?
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
more flexible with a lot fun with family .
I live in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
garbage everywhere .
the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
yes , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
After the class Alison joined her friends .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison was like tomato and all her friends laughed at her .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
Swimming has been always my favourite sport .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
There are lots of problems in our life .
For example : Transport .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Why have you fridge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habits ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
What happened with us .....
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
Later , I order take away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .
Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .
The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
It changes in a different way the person too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
Be careful and choice it well .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
But main concern will be technology .
Technology is being more advanced .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I 've seen it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
would be available again .
Thank in advice for your information .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
However , they are not my friends .
There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
I do everything but nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer staying alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .
In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile if an individual wants to learn from TV .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
football is the most favourite sport in the World .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .
Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
That was the best place I had ever been .
we went to New York for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
It was a well planned for a holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
They were too excited and can not wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
He needs to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
Adam and John was very angry .
They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
His mother heard what had happened .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
After all the wise advises , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
Michael try to think again wisely .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
she was very fine
There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
I respect him so much and admire also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
He always helps me by giving good advance .
He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .
His means of livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
he is a fluent speaker .
that 's why I admire him .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
I have made many mistake I guess .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
There are a lot of private transport in the streets .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
Public transport has a timetable .
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
The other side of the problem is ecology .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Transport is more important for our life .
Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
It is more fun when we travelling by car .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking .
I am sure that you will love this country !
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
